floating this game you've got multiple
lame characters to choose from and
so you're racing one of these things and
you go really really fast and if you
pump anything you get hurt quite a bit
it reminds me a lot of Star Wars
podracer but not as good you can get a
reward for not crashing into things you
can either a pair your ship when they
get super damaged or you can use a boost
don't repair yourself is pretty likely
to go
then you just regenerate back in the
wreath again pendulums pretty much just
like Padres so
there's even a button to flip somebody
off but I'm not going to do that so
you've got your road rage controls to a
lot of people don't actually like this
game and I've been kind of wondering why
that is I mean I myself do not like it I
think it's it's what I want in a racing
game but I just don't like racing games
so but I mean the places they're all
beautiful futuristic and I just don't
know if they don't like probably they
don't like that you get damaged so darn
easily I don't I don't really see what I
think it's one of the things I really
don't like about it is sometimes you
just don't know which way you're
supposed to go
and sometimes you can go both ways
sometimes you can't it confuses the
pants off me even though I found this
thing to be okay pick up boring to me
pretty fast and I stopped 20 so we made
it like that